Update the Notification documentation to introduce the placeholder keywords. (#1951)
Altinn/altinn-studio-docs: content/notifications/explanation/send-condition/_index.en.md

---
title: Send Condition
description: "Altinn Notifications offers a feature called Send Condition,
which allows you to create notification orders that are sent to recipients only when a specified condition is met."
linktitle: Send Condition
tags: [notifications, send conditions]
weight: 30
---

## Introduction

The Send Condition feature enables you to create a notification order that will only be sent to recipient(s)
if a specified condition is met. You can choose to send the notification immediately or schedule it for a future date.

### Example Use Case

A common use case is setting reminders, where a notification is sent only
if a user has not completed a specific action. With the send condition,

> both the initial notification requesting the action and the reminder notification can be scheduled at the same time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
both the initial notification requesting the action and the reminder notification can be ordered at the same time with different send dates.
```
